because well here he told us that
despite censorship his masochistic video
it is one of the favorites of the public
listen why
just lorena herrera premieres a new
masochistic video and it became
viral on social networks because of its high
sexual content reaching almost 155 thousand
visits in a few days the
so so good father answer
comments
obviously that you put in your project
this is why you do this I at least what
what I do I have done all the desire and
good that is a success or not be a
success then it depends on many
circumstances and right now I am very
grateful to the people because I've
listened to more good comments than
bad
nevertheless lorena has not been saved from
censorship because in some countries it is already
restricted access to your video in
Youtube
accessing it only when verifying that
is of age that has awakened the
everyone's ideas for some
people seem strong and do not want it
put or put for adults
well, I consider it to be
so strong neither add anyone but
for other people it will seem that way
it is like this and forward but it will be that lore has
passed from fiction to reality and it
has recorded in privacy as in his
michelle vieth moment or recently
david zepeda
and those videos delete did we say are
as before the chavitas are pranks
what are you doing, really, and if I did
at the time but after the
scandal very strong within the middle and
I said I do my videos and I ran the
Run all then touch sleep trail
of it and after that I never have
returned to all the videos and that is because
part of the past does not happen in my life
now for nothing or a little picture or anything
those things besides the blonde also
will soon return to the big screen in
the tape the moves of Juan Perez that
makes a tribute to the sexy comedies in
those who started his career
a very very small thing that I invite you
Rodrigo Vidal to do his first
movie was doing I wanted me to
I made the main character but I did not
there was not time for me to
I could do at that time I was with
other things that I was recording and
then we made a participation
special reported roy ramírez its flavor its
infant subscribe to our channel
youtube and find out before anyone else what
making your favorite artists begins
right now by clicking on these videos